---
layout: email
title: ViennaPHP September Newsletter
category: email
---
# {{ page.title }}

It's time for another newsletter. This time I got some exciting news to share.

1. The team of organizers
2. ViennaPHP October Edition with TUGA
3. Codeweek: ViennaPHP Vagrant workshop
4. Talks, Talks, Talks

## 1. The team of organizers

I am happy to announce that Boris and Florian have joined the team of organizers of ViennaPHP. Both have some awesome ideas on how to make ViennaPHP even better and we have a rough plan for 2015. I am looking forward working with both. If you have anything on your mind, please don't hesitate to contact anyone of us!

Stefan, who has done an amazing job at connecting ViennaPHP with interesting people, helping organize all those meetups we all enjoyed in the past and who is one of the reasons ViennaPHP started to kick off last year, has decided to step back a bit from activly organizing the usergroup. He'll remain an active member of our community and maybe he'll join the organizor team again in the future. I'd like to thank Stefan for all the time he invested into ViennaPHP and the support I recieved from him.

If you want to help ViennaPHP grow and flourish, talk to us at the meetup or write us an email/meetup message. There is always stuff to do!

## 2. ViennaPHP October Edition with TUGA

In October, we are joining forces with TUGA (TYPO3 Usergroup Austria) to bring you an awesome meetup. There will be talks about Contao, the TYPO3 Eco-System, TYPO3 itself and TYPO3 Neos to bring you up to speed with the current state of CMS.

The October Gathering is happening on **7.10.2014** at Stockwerk CoWorking. We are going to be in the event area in the basement! It's starting at 18:30 with pizza and drinks, then we'll have talks and afterwards there will be time to socialize. RSVP NOW: [http://www.meetup.com/viennaphp/events/207781412/](http://www.meetup.com/viennaphp/events/207781412/)

### Sponsors

Again, we found some awesome companies who are helping us providing the pizza/snacks and the drinks. Thanks to all of you!

* **Getdesigned** is a digital agency in Vienna providing project management, design and development from start to finish.
* The **Typoheads** are a Vienna based web agency, supporting clients with conceptual work and development. They are looking for freelancers and interns!
* **Super-Fi** - "Holistische Reklame mit Design. Digital. Sozial. Klassisch."

## 3. Codeweek: ViennaPHP Vagrant workshop

We'll be joining the Codeweek initiative with a Vagrant workshop on Monday, 13.10.2014! If you missed the first workshop, this is your chance! The workshop will be language agnostic, so share this info with developers from all the different languages out there. Make sure to RSVP early because there will only be 20 spots: [http://www.meetup.com/viennaphp/events/209630692/](http://www.meetup.com/viennaphp/events/209630692/)

## 4. Talks, Talks, Talks

We need people who want to talk about something awesome. Wether it's the cool library you are using, a tool you created, a framework you want to promote or something else from the PHP ecosystem. Of course, topics like databases, development tools, testing, deployment, monitoring and so on are welcome as well.

I'd be extremly happy to have some talks "Python for PHP devs", "Ruby for PHP devs", "Java for PHP devs", "Haskell for PHP devs" and so on, so if you know a second language beside PHP and want to tell other PHP people about it, please get in touch!

Talks should be either short (~ 15 min.) or long (~ 45 min.) but don't worry if you have an half hour talk - We'll fit this in as well! We'd prefer talks in English, but if you wanna do your talk in German, that's fine as well. We welcome every speaker, especially those who are new to public speaking. A usergroup is a great place to get your feet wet!

I hope to see you all at the October Gathering!

Take care,
Sebastian
