---
layout: email
title: ViennaPHP December Newsletter
---
# {{ page.title }}

So, this is it. The last newsletter for 2014. The last event of 2014.

But don't be fooled. 2014 will finish with a "Boom"!

1. Dev XMas this Friday
2. Next Meetups
3. All that's left to say

## 1. Dev XMas this Friday

In two days, on Friday 12, our anual Dev XMas will happen. Over **25** usergroups will participate and celebrate the incredible year 2014.

We'll start at 16:00 with the "Developers and Family" party. Bring your partners, wife/husband, children and everybody else. And make sure to RSVP at http://www.meetup.com/Stockwerk-Coworking-Events/events/210717952/

Later that night, around 20:00, the "Developers and Friends" will start. Again, bring whoever you'd like to enjoy some time with and RSVP at http://www.meetup.com/Stockwerk-Coworking-Events/events/210720172/

There is one important rule though: **If you attend, bring something to eat or drink!** We love homemade food and drinks, but there is nothing wrong with buying something instead. 

I hope to see everyone at Stockwerk on Friday.

## 2. Next Meetups

Of course we are already planning the next gatherings in order to bring you the best PHP content out there. The dates of the next Meetups are:

* 19.01.2015
* 10.02.2015
* 10.03.2015

We still need talks for February, so email us your ideas!

As far as workshops are concerned, we need people who want to host a workshop. Ideas can be everything from getting started with a certain framework, using a tool/methodology or something totally different. Just get in touch!

## 3. All that's left to say

**Thanks to all of you for a great 2014!** Running a usergroups is much work, but it's worth it. I'm really happy we get some many people to join our meetups everytime. Of course I am especially glad that Boris and Florian joined ViennaPHP as organizers and are helping me running everything! Thanks to our sponsors as well who made ViennaPHP a place full of pizza and drinks :) And, last but not least, thanks to our speakers from near and far, who invested their time in preparing and doing talks.

2015 will be even bigger, trust me!

Take care,

Sebastian and the ViennaPHP Team
